fixed install message (#3)
ciaranmckenna/ciaranmckenna.com: README.md

## 🚀 Quick start

- The first time you run this project you will need to:
- Run `npm install`
- Then `gatsby develop`

> - Every other time then after you will only need to run 'gatsby develop'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every other time then after you will only need to run; 

`gatsby develop`
```
